
* React is a library.
## Main difference bt framework and library

A framework is used for building and deploying an application quickly. When we use a framework, we can use resources to facilitate faster development and a greater user experience. A library is used to enhance the functionality of an application.
## what is cors
CORS is a security feature implemented in web browsers that ensures controlled access to resources on a web server from a different domain. It restricts web pages from making requests to a different domain unless that domain explicitly allows it. By default, web browsers follow the same-origin policy, which means they only allow requests to be made to the same domain from which the web page was loaded.

## What is JSX 
JSX (JavaScript XML) is an extension to the JavaScript language that allows you to write HTML-like code within JavaScript. It is commonly used with libraries and frameworks such as React to create dynamic and interactive user interfaces.
```javascript
function MyComponent() {
    return (
        <div>
            <h1>Hello, JSX!</h1>
            <p>This is a JSX component.</p>
        </div>
    );
}

```
JSX is a syntax extension for JavaScript that enables developers to write HTML-like code directly within JavaScript. It combines the power of JavaScript with the expressiveness of HTML, making it easier to create and manipulate user interfaces.

## What is package.json?
package.json is a metadata file in a Node.js project that describes the project's dependencies, scripts, configuration, and other details.
he package.json file is typically located at the root directory of a Node.js project and is automatically generated when you run npm init command to initialize a new project. You can also manually create and modify this file to manage your project's dependencies and configuration.

## What is package-lock.json?
In earlier versions of Node.js, the package.json file did not provide a way to lock down the specific version of each dependency that a project was using. This meant that when a project was deployed or shared with others, there was a risk that different developers or machines would use different versions of the same dependency, which could cause compatibility issues or unexpected behavior.

package-lock.json file is like a one-stop solution of your entire problem. package-lock.json is a file that is automatically generated by npm when a package is installed. It records the exact version of every installed dependency, including its sub-dependencies and their versions.

The purpose of package-lock.json is to ensure that the same dependencies are installed consistently across different environments, such as development and production environments. It also helps to prevent issues with installing different package versions, which can lead to conflicts and errors.

package-lock.json is created by npm when you run the npm install command. It contains a detailed list of all the packages, their dependencies, their specific version numbers, and locations (usually mentioned in the package.json file)

## what is node module

In the context of JavaScript and web development, "node_modules" refers to a directory created by Node.js that stores packages (or modules) installed using the Node Package Manager (npm).

## create react app
npx create-react-app my-app
cd my-app
npm start

## what is babel

Babel is a popular open-source JavaScript compiler that allows developers to write code using the latest ECMAScript (ES) syntax and features and then transform it into backward-compatible versions of JavaScript that can run in older environments.

One of the challenges in JavaScript development is that not all web browsers or environments support the latest JavaScript features. Babel helps bridge this gap by providing a way to write modern JavaScript code while ensuring compatibility with older browsers and environments


